## Terms of Service:

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the GoNevis.com website
and all content, services, and products available at or through the website.

Our Services are offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of
the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules,
policies (including, without limitation, [Savand Bros's Privacy
Policy]({% url 'basement:privacy_policy' %}) and procedures that may be
published
from time to time by Savand Bros (collectively, the "Agreement"). You agree
that we may automatically upgrade our Services, and these terms will apply to
any upgrades.

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using our Services.
By accessing or using any part of our services, you agree to become bound by
the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the
terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access or use any of
our services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by
Savand Bros, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.

Use of our Services requires a GoNevis.com account. You agree to provide us
with complete and accurate information when you register for an account. You
will be solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your
username. You are responsible for keeping your password secure.

### GoNevis.com.

  * **Your GoNevis.com Account and Website.** If you create a blog or website on GoNevis.com, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog. You must immediately notify Savand Bros of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account, or any other breaches of security. Savand Bros will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
  * **Responsibility of Contributors.** If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to GoNevis.com, post links on GoNevis.com, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available (any such material, "Content"), you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content or your conduct. That is the case regardless of what form the Content takes, which includes, but is not limited to text, photo, video, audio, or code. By using GoNevis.com, you represent and warrant that your Content and conduct do not violate these terms or the [User Guidelines]({% url 'basement:user_guidelines' %}). By submitting Content to Savand Bros for inclusion on your website, you grant Savand Bros a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing, and promoting your blog. This license allows Savand Bros to make publicly-posted content available to third parties selected by Savand Bros (through the Savand Bros Firehose, for example) so that these third parties can analyze and distribute (but not publicly display) your content through their services. If you delete Content, Savand Bros will use reasonable efforts to remove it from GoNevis.com, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Savand Bros has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Savand Bros's sole discretion, (i) reclaim your username or website's URL due to prolonged inactivity, (ii) refuse or remove any content that, in Savand Bros's reasonable opinion, violates any Savand Bros policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (iii) terminate or deny access to and use of GoNevis.com to any individual or entity for any reason. Savand Bros will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
  * **Advertisements.** Savand Bros reserves the right to display advertisements on your blog unless you have purchased an Ad-free Upgrade or a VIP Service account.
  * **Attribution.** Savand Bros reserves the right to display attribution text or links in your site footer or toolbar, attributing GoNevis.com or the theme author, for example. The toolbar may not be altered or removed. Attribution text or links may only be hidden if you are subscribed to GoNevis.com Business or VIP.



### Responsibility of Visitors.

Savand Bros has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including
computer software, posted to our Services, and cannot therefore be responsible
for that material's content, use or effects. By operating our Services,
Savand Bros does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there
posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful, or non-
harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect
yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and
other harmful or destructive content. Our Services may contain content that is
offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing
technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. Our Services
may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or
infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third
parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional
terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Savand Bros disclaims any
responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of our
Services, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.

### Content Posted on Other Websites.

We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including
computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which
GoNevis.com links, and that link to GoNevis.com. Savand Bros does not have
any control over those non-GoNevis.com websites, and is not responsible for
their contents or their use. By linking to a non-GoNevis.com website,
Savand Bros does not represent or imply that it endorses such website. You are
responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your
computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or
destructive content. Savand Bros disclaims any responsibility for any harm
resulting from your use of non-GoNevis.com websites and webpages.

### Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.

As Savand Bros asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it
respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that
material located on or linked to by GoNevis.com violates your copyright, you
are encouraged to notify Savand Bros Savand Bros will respond to all such
notices, including as required or
appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the
infringing material. Savand Bros will terminate a visitor's access to and use
of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined
to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property
rights of Savand Bros or others. In the case of such termination, Savand Bros
will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to
Savand Bros.



### Changes.

We are constantly updating our Services, and that means sometimes we have to
change the legal terms under which our Services are offered. If we make
changes that are material, we will let you know by posting on one of our
blogs, or by sending you an email or other communication before the changes
take effect. The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which
the new terms will take effect. If you disagree with our changes, then you
should stop using our Services within the designated notice period. Your
continued use of our Services will be subject to the new terms. However, any
dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms
(including the binding individual arbitration clause) that were in place when
the dispute arose.

### Termination.

Savand Bros may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any
time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If
you wish to terminate this Agreement or your GoNevis.com account (if you
have one), you may simply discontinue using our Services. All provisions of
this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive
termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty
disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

### Disclaimer of Warranties.

Our Services are provided "as is." Savand Bros and its suppliers and licensors
hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including,
without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Savand Bros nor its suppliers
and licensors, makes any warranty that our Services will be error free or that
access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that
you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, our
Services at your own discretion and risk.

### Limitation of Liability.

In no event will Savand Bros, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with
respect to any subject matter of this Agreement under any contract,
negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any
special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for
substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or
corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you
to Savand Bros under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior
to the cause of action. Savand Bros shall have no liability for any failure or
delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not
apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

### General Representation and Warranty.

You represent and warrant that (i) your use of our Services will be in strict
accordance with the Savand Bros Privacy Policy, with this Agreement, and with
all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local
laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area,
regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable
laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the Savand
Bros company's country location or the country in which you reside) and (ii)
your use of our Services will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual
property rights of any third party.


### Indemnification.

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Savand Bros, its contractors, and its
licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents
from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees,
arising out of your use of our Services, including but not limited to your
violation of this Agreement.

### Translation.

These Terms of Service were originally written in English (US). We may
translate these terms into other languages. In the event of a conflict between
a translated version of these Terms of Service and the English version, the
English version will control.

